A part of me, I guess, is like a little bit surprised at the computer-selected songs. I'm not sure why. It's just like, they felt very like, I guess relevant and like popular. I'm not sure what I was expecting. I guess just like, I don't know. It's hard to explain. It just caught me by surprise for some reason. 

Oh, I remember why it was surprising to me. Sorry, but that does answer your question. So what was surprising to me was how sort of accurate it was, like what I typically enjoy, which is also similar to what I experience when I get algorithm suggested playlists and whatnot. Like it includes stuff that I enjoy, not that the computer ones did, but similar genres. And it plays music that I know and have already listened to and enjoy, but also new, similar things that I probably will enjoy. So that is my experience with that. Usually I don't use those algorithms just because sometimes I'm a little bit nervous about listening to new things. But yeah, that's my limited experience with them.

They're very cool. And I just sort of remember that band's name or that artist's name. And then when they inevitably pop up I give them a listen. And then sometimes, you know, the Spotify explore feature where you can just choose a genre and then swipe up on songs and like hear like 30 second snippets of them. I also use that sometimes when I'm bored. And yeah, it's pretty cool. 

With the computer [suggested] ones, it's like, okay, it's based off of someone's-- I don't know how the algorithm works exactly, so I'm just going off of how I'm guessing it works. But the algorithm, it picks songs based off what it thinks the listener will like, which I know, I tend to humanize computers, as a computer science major, a little bit. But I can see the “effort” or “thought” put into it and be like, that's, you made an “effort” and sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, but it doesn't feel as human. Like the connection isn't really there. For the human selected ones, a human actually went through that, has some sort of connection to it. But the computer ones, it's, connection isn't there. It's just an algorithm spitting out what it thinks is most optimal. 

