There was one moment where I was still in the room with a few people and there was a computer algorithm playing and I didn’t really mind that because it was, yes, a computer recommended it, but I interpreted that as like an algorithm that recommended it among our music, unless I was totally wrong about that, but that’s how I interpreted it in the actual listening experience. Like, oh, is this like implying that like, this is type of song, like, that’s the vibe of the room. That’s how I interpreted it, but I don’t know if that’s right.

I have listened to a computer algorithm solo, and I wasn’t like super, like I was listening to if I wasn’t super invested is compared to like being with other people, even with a computer algorithm.

I think it was mainly because I didn’t know why it was recommended. Like was it recommended from my music that I put down was recommended just by a whole participants. I was like, whoa, where is this song recommendation coming from? So I, not knowing that, like, kind of played a role in that. I think if I knew what the algorithm was working with, I think I might have been more, like, invested like, oh, this is where they’re recommending it because of, you know, this other participant’s taste of music, I would have been more invested in that. But since it was just super broad, I was like, okay, what, where’s this song? But I didn’t mind, I don’t mind listening to new music though. So it was still like cool to listen and be like, oh, okay, this is okay, you know.

But like on Spotify, there’s these like recommended playlists or discover playlists and I never look at those. I normally do my own searching. So like if there’s an artist I like or recommended by, you know, the heavy metal, there was actually a song I like there. So see Hidden Gem.

I will scroll down and look at like, I don’t know if that counts as algorithm. Those show like new artists other listeners listen to these artists. I’m like, okay, cool. Let me look at their songs. And then, yeah, I don’t do that often, but I do like to do it from time to time because, yeah, I like music. So. Nice.