I think a good amount of it is, well, it kind of like varies. Social media definitely plays an influence. Like if I hear a song on like TikTok or Instagram, like I’ll save that. And then kind of like I said, like my best friend from home has been really like, some of my now favorite artists, like she introduced me to. And so that was like, a big way. But then also recently, it’s been like a big concert year for me. I went to like Lollapalooza this summer. And I was actually with my like education friends who I met here, the one who was like from my hometown and I didn’t know. And I like, I had some like artists that I wanted to see that she didn’t know. And she had some artists I wanted to see that I didn’t know. And I was like, oh, like through the concerts, I’d like start listening to them. And I think that was always really fun. Or I tend to like, if a ticket is under like $80, like even if I don’t know all of the artist’s songs, like I will want to go to the concert and then I’ll like hear these songs and be like, wait, I like the song and I’ll start listening to it. And kind of same with like openers for concerts. Like if I hear a song, like it’ll like, I’ll like add it to my liked songs and then like listen to it. And yeah.

I use, like, it kind of depends. I’m I’d say majority is like the songs that I already liked or saved in playlist. Some people like, I have Spotify, and some people do like their liked songs. It’s like their favorite songs. But for me, it’s like usually like songs I want to listen to more or songs I’ve been like listening to a lot recently, because then it’s just easy for me to play. So like if I like go to an opener and I hear a song, I’ll like search it up and like it, because then it’ll just like come on when it’s like shuffled and I’ll like, be like, and then I’ll start listening to it more than whatever. But in terms of recommended playlists, I would say I kind of use them for not to find new music, but to figure out the right vibe, if that makes sense. Like I was on the treadmill today and I looked up like treadmill and they had like a recommended playlist based off all the songs I listened to. And so it was like 80% my songs and then like some other ones.

But that’s like not as consistent, I would say. I don’t do that too often.