I thought it was interesting when I was like listening to the computer algorithm songs. especially when there was no one else in the room, I feel like it was way less interesting for me. But I felt my mind wandering A lot. And I had to keep going back and be like, okay, focus, think about the song. But then also, I thought it was kind of cool when I was in a room with multiple people and I was listening to someone else's song. And I was like trying to figure out like who it would be. I was like, whose favorite song is this? But I don't, I just thought like those were some things that I noticed I was doing while I was listening. So.

Whereas with the computer songs, it was very much like, oh, this was just suggested by technology as opposed to like a real human being. So it has like no connection to that technology that recommended the song to me, you know, as opposed to like the participants' favorite songs or personal favorites where like something that they specifically chose and they actually have like a strong connection with. I think that was the main reason why. 

Yeah, sometimes I'll listen to like the day lists. But I feel like a lot of the time, because I'm a dance teacher, so I listen to a lot of music while I'm teaching. And a lot of the times my day lists are based off of those. And I don't necessarily want to like listen to all my teaching music in my free time. So sometimes it's like, accurate. Sometimes it's not. I feel like it just kind of depends on the day. But I tried the DJ thing once also, and I, it was, I just thought it was strange how there was like a person talking and everything. Like I'd rather just have the music playing back-to-back. But I have like tried those things. But usually I do go back to my preset playlist or I just like I play a song and then it like Spotify automatically plays like recommended songs kind of similar to that like first song that played. So sometimes I just like let that go and see if I find new songs. But I'm always like looking for new stuff. So I would say that the like AI and like computer generated stuff is helpful sometimes, but other times it's like questionable. But yeah. 