I felt like the two I got were kind of generic poppy. I don't know if it quite it didn't quite seem similar to like the songs I put. And I don't know if it quite seemed like overly similar to some of the other people's songs. I think that was just like, it was nice, but it was a little bit generic in a way. Maybe it felt generic also because it was computer generated like suggestion. But I think there wasn't like, because it was like, not only do I not necessarily care about the song, I also don't care about it being someone's favorite or something, like a reason behind it being there other than just the computer outgo? 

No, I definitely use the Spotify like generation system, like the playlist of the day or I definitely use those A lot. And then either that or just from TikToks or videos online or maybe I'll just hear like a snippet of the song and I just like that one snippet so I'll find it. But then I also like do a lot of like, because with the Spotify song, you can generate like the radio based on that song or like or again, the one of the day, of the whatever it is. But a lot of it just comes from just randomly finding them. 

Honestly, I feel like I've always been pretty attached to music. Like At some point, I think my parents got an iPad and then they didn't actually use it, so they just gave it down to me. And I think I probably found music through YouTube or something. I can't remember that exactly. Yeah. But I remember just the, I have a lot of songs from just the Apple Music when I used to use Apple Music. 

I think probably between like, especially like TikTok stuff with like animation's always like connected to songs, because it just makes it more catchy. There's probably been some that I like found through just like, oh, I can't, again, I can't quite remember the list, because some of them don't really come to that, like the Bulgarian one, or like, I don't, there's one from like this European Song Contest. I don't know if I, because it is used a lot, incidentally, in like other medias. But I don't know if I found it through that or if I just found it through the song contest. Gotcha. But a lot of it does tend to, again, it's like all kind of catchy and like upbeat and like some of the stuff that you would use in like fandom stuff anyway. And I think one of them is also from like a concept musical. So like, I think it's also just the connection between like music and like visual stuff that also kind of ties in or like the music and like storyline or music and like plot stuff that also just exists as like a other thing. 