The computer generated ones were too upbeat for my liking, so I didn’t really like it. But then the other people’s participant song, it was nice.

Oh yeah. So I’m usually into rap, but again, like in the computer ones, I haven’t heard them before. And I felt like it was too noisy. I mean, they were like motivational songs, I guess, in a way. They were kind of like, you can do this, and that. I got myself kind of that, those kind of songs. But again, like I haven’t heard them before and I’m kind of picky of to the music that I listen. And it’s not from a familiar artist. So yeah, it was fine. I wouldn’t say it was bad, but yeah, it was like too upbeat for my liking.

So I definitely think that I enjoy listening it with other people around, looking at the map and seeing the locations and everything. It felt like, so people from this place might be listening to this kind of music. So that was exciting. Where’s the computer one? So it was just me, right, on the map. Like it was just showing you. So it wasn’t as good as the ones that were group led because. The group ones, I could like, it’s not really interactive, but I could see where the people are from. So that was exciting. But the computer generated one, I didn’t really like the song, so it wasn’t as pleasant, I would say.

Yeah, I think it’s a mixture of both. But I do definitely think lyrics has, if I have to weird, then obviously it has to be the lyrics. Because I’m someone when I’m listening to something. I mean, if it’s something like a fun song that I wouldn’t mind, I wouldn’t care too much about the lyrics. But again, if it’s something like, something that if I feel connected to it, then I would look at the lyrics more specifically. And then, the lyrics are way too important. And also the beat, like sometimes the lyrics are too good. But again, if the beat is not, it’s not something, it’s not catchy and it’s not something going into me, I wouldn’t care. Like one of the computer generated ones, the lyrics were good. Like it was boosting confidence and everything. But again, I didn’t really like the beat.