It's a lot of different ways. Some bands I've heard. I've heard them in comparison to, like being compared to bands that I've already been fans of, like being like, oh, this band sounds similar to this other band. And then I go, oh, let me check out that other band. Or people I know or see online and go, wow, I really like this band. 

 I'm trying to remember. I think, I might have only heard like one song that was suggested to me that was from another person. One or two. Probably just one. I thought it was alright. Like it sounded good. And like I can see how someone would be interested in that, be connected to it. It's, it wasn't something I was personally interested in, but I could see the appeal and I was like, it's kind of cool. Just not my vibe, I guess. 

My thoughts were kind of different because when I was listening to the someone else's favorite song, it was like, okay, someone likes this. They put, they took the time to write it out on the survey on the list. Like, it's someone's personal favorite for some reason. And, you know, there's like that human connection to it. 

I felt kind of nervous of like being judged and stuff. This is because typically when I share my music, it's really hit or miss with my friends and just in past experiences I've had. So I was slightly nervous, but I was just like, everyone's allowed to have their own opinions. I'm not in control of that. We probably will never meet. I'll never know these people. It's fine if they don't like it. I'm not going to like some of their stuff and that's okay. We'll live. 

Sometimes my friends are like, oh wow, this is really awesome. And then they end up really liking that entire band or whatever. And then sometimes my friends are like, this is, if you like that, that's okay. That's okay. But I don't like it. And I used to take that more personally when I was like 13, because everything matters when you're 13, I guess. But, as time has gone on, and I've gotten more exposed to, I guess, internet, like music reviewers and whatnot, I've just sort of realized, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. No one cares. 

It's kind of both. Yeah, I do both. Sometimes I share songs if I'm like, oh, I think you would like this. Like it just fits the music you listen to and your vibe. And sometimes, for example, my friends and I have a shared playlist. Sometimes songs will come up or I'll be playing music for my friends in the car or something like that. 

I guess when I was younger, I was a little more scared to open up and share what I enjoyed and I guess share my interests and what I liked because I was scared I would get made fun of. And, but again, as I got older, I was like, it's fine. They don't hate me for liking a certain artist or whatever. Like we're still friends at the end of the day. They might make fun of me a little, but it's okay. That's how friendships go. I guess that's, it doesn't matter. I guess that's just my big takeaway. Just like, it's not that deep. Yeah. I don’t know if that's like a nihilistic way to look at it, but I don't know, it doesn't matter too much at the end of the day. The world's not going to end.

music, I can just like listen to it on the bus. I can listen to it while doing homework. I can, I don't know, just it's always there, It's not too much of a time commitment. And, just I consume so much of it that it's easy to feel like sharing it with my friends and be like, oh, this, I thought of you when I heard the song or I think you would like this because it seems similar to things you like just generally. Or just straight up, I really like this song. And I wanted to share it with you. So yeah, that's why music is like the main thing. And also it's just so, it contains so many emotions and like it can very easily, in my opinion, convey like a certain state of mind. Just in the moment or like a certain emotion. 


I definitely have a couple of songs where I, like with my friends, I'm just like, hey, if I post this on Instagram, can you send me an “are you okay” text? But yeah, sometimes it's to convey a state of mind. Other times it's just to be like, I am just genuinely enjoying this song right now. Yeah, I'm always worried about like if I share music, like am I trying to send like a subconscious message? Like for example, with my partner, if I send him a sad song or a song about breakups, I have to be like, does he know I'm not trying to break up with him? Yeah. I know, I could also just be overthinking though. 

For certain songs, it's like, it feels like it was written for me. Like I've had the exact experiences or emotional experiences or like interactions or whatever that the song is describing. So that is the big thing. Just like, do I feel like directly called out by this song? 


