Normally if it's like, I'll start by like, oh, if I like know that this song has a specific like feeling vibe, then I will try and find like artists like that. I like usually I listen to like artists to like get their like sense of like their sound. And based off of that, if I don't like that in that moment, I go to a different one. Or a lot of the time, a lot of my friends are really into music, especially a lot of music I think is really good or whereas I guess there's significance in music culture. So they'll tell me albums to listen to and listen to us. And they're always always good.

Yeah, usually I do. Yeah. I do. I find that notes to like the stuff that I know more or less is less like, of the stuff that's like, I guess, musically significant as a culture, but it's more like a lot of newer abstract, but still really good. And then there should be more of those, and then just whoever can share that too.

Cool. I would say that like, normally if like we are like camping or just like hanging out or something like that, and it's like, oh like a song comes on that we hear, or we're like, oh, this song would be really good right now. They would like usually like sit down and like listen to like one song, which is cool. A lot of when we share our different recommendations come from, me and my roommate just talk a lot about that at night. And that just goes to very long conversations that we can listen to the next day and continue, which is cool. Or sometimes we teach each other songs with different instruments to try it out and then share it that way. Or I'll see an album cover and be like, why do you like the album basically? And then they share it that way too.

For some of them, it's definitely like either like connected us or deepened our relationship a lot, which I think is really cool. And just so that we can share that and it'll also be like, oh, like this reminds me of this song, like text each other that. And like just also share that experience, especially for songs that it's like, have more like memory behind it that we can both like associate with and be like, this happened like with me with this song and this happened with you with this song. And it's cool to like be able to share that. I