Sometimes. And when I was back at home before college, my sister would share music with me and we'd share music back and forth all the time. And since I don't have a car now, I like don't ever drive, so I hardly ever listen to music. But I've been sharing like some music with some of my friends. And yeah, like last time I got to share one of my favorite songs with one of my friends. So, but yeah, definitely less. I'm listening to less music now, but yeah. 

I mean, it's kind of vulnerable because you don't know how they're going to like receive it or if. you don't want to be like, I love this song, here, please listen to it. And they just like, don't even like it. But it's really cool when like, I appreciate when people share music with me. And I especially love when like, I am talking with a person and I like remember a song that like speaks to that, I guess. So I guess like, I like sharing music, but it's also like, it is pretty vulnerable. So I don't do it like too often.

I feel like in, like I don't want to inconvenience people in my daily life. I guess like with music, it's like have them here listen to this song. But like that's part of like caring for people is like doing stuff that you want to really do. And it's like that's a way that my friends can care for me. Like if they listen to a song they don't really like, but it's one that I'm sharing with them. I guess. 

Yeah, I kind of like, yeah, people I know, people I'm starting to get to know, like one of my friends has like a very similar like music taste. And so like we, I'll go to like share a song with her and it's already on her playlist. But then like some, like sometimes with people I know less well, like will like connect over like I don't know, just like different interests we have. Also, like I'm A Christian, and so when I meet another person that follows Jesus, I'm often like, hey, do you know any good Christian music? Like let's share. So that can be someone I don't know, like I haven't really met, but I already do have like a deeper connection with.

I think it's helpful because, I don't know, I think I believe humans have souls. And I think that a way that we recognize that we're more than just like atoms, I think, is like through connecting with music. And so being able to do that with other people is really cool because you're sharing in the same thing. And I just love music in general. 