Yeah. Something that I like, I didn't choose. I wish like, there was, there was some that I knew, but I was like, the song is good. Like if I knew the lyrics that I'd enjoy it even more.

Yeah. I think like for most songs, I feel like some people can just listen to it and be like, this is a good song. But I feel like I have to like resonate with the lyrics or like at least like know the lyrics to truly enjoy a song.

I think that two types of music that I listen to most is like either stuff that like I'm feeling in the moment. So like I like the lyrics I like, I'm like, oh yeah, you know, like I agree with them. Or it's just like, and then the other, the ones that I'm like, I don't exactly agree with, like it's kind of random or just like stuff that like, you know, make me happy or give me confidence, I guess. Just make me feel good.

I was, I think I was kind of wondering, for one of my songs, Fluorescent Adolescent, I was like, I wonder what other people think of it because I really like that song and I've introduced it to my friends and they've also liked it because the lyrics are just kind of fun to listen to. And I was like, I wonder what they're thinking.

It's usually like, this summer, I feel like I realized that when someone says like, oh, what's your favorite type of music? I'm like all over the place. I'm like, well, I like everything. And then it sounds like I'm boring. And I'm like, no, I swear, I listen to music. So I feel like this summer I was exploring what kind of music I like the most and the genre. So me and my roommates, I had an internship. So we talk about music a lot and exchange what we like and what they like. And I kind of discovered what I kind of like. So it's usually just like friends being like, what do you like? And just playing music.

Well, I think it's like getting to know that person more because sometimes like a lot of the songs aren't just songs. They'll be like, there's like a story behind why they like that song. They're like, oh, I like this because like they connect it to something in their life or they're like, oh, this is who introduced this to me. Or like there's different phases in your life where you listen to certain types of music or whatever, right? So I think it like, and because, and when I listen to that song, I think of these people. So I think it's like a good bond to have, to have shared music.