I always like to hear other people’s playlists that I get shared all the time. They’ll be like, oh, like even today, this guy had like a sticker that was like, it was so sick. And it was like this new heavy metal band. And even though it’s not even like, a genre that I listen to regularly, I was still very like, happy that he was like sharing out the music and I love listening to different genres and stuff. And even though it might not be like what I would prefer, I feel like if it came from like an algorithm, I would have just been, I think I would have felt differently about it, but I just felt more connected that like, oh, you’re willing to share this and may not be like my cup of tea, but I think I’ll find some hidden gems, you know, it makes me feel more hopeful in finding other like music and stuff. Like I’ll continue looking into their artists.

So for the personal, I went through more heartfelt moments in my life where I something like dramatic, not dramatic, but something like very memorable happened. And there’s sometimes a song that will play around when that experience happened, and then it’ll resonate with me a lot because of that. And sometimes they were like super sad moments that I would think about, and then I really like broke most of them like that. But sometimes they’re songs that I shared with other people, and they really liked it, like how soothing it was. online too, like I would like edit artists A lot. And there’s a lot of my personal favorites were people that either recommended a song and I really liked it and I edited it and then other people liked it and I was like, everyone is cool or I recommend a song and then a lot of people liked it and I’m like, oh wow, like this is so cool that other people and like people close to me, like can I name a song for example or by Raul Alejandro, like that was resonated by a personal experience with my sister. Like she was like, wait, what is this song? Like stuff like that. Like little moments. So it kind of was very strong. I don’t know if I answered that properly for personal moments. That was, it was just like thinking of moments like that where they seem super like fast type of interaction. Like my sister just asked me that. I took like 2, like 2 minutes, like just like vibing with her with the song.

But whereas like hype, I looked at my playlists. I do have like hyped playlists and I was like, okay, so what songs? Because I don’t really listen to songs that are like super like, I mean, I do, but not as like a choice, it’s mainly for like other, like if, I don’t know, like I like sharing those songs. Also, like I do edit with those and I do really like that. But I was mainly thinking of like, scenarios like, if I was in a concert, it would be like somewhere where I can be like jumping. It didn’t necessarily happen, but I was just like, okay, this is like kind of a cool, like, yeah.

All the time. Like since when I was like super little, like music was everywhere, in our, community, Spanish, English as well, growing up in Hispanic community, I was like, always listening to different music, like Spanish music and music that my brother likes, like my brother, it was very like, I don’t know, he like always shared his music like all the time. And on the car rides and he’s a lot older than me, but when I was young, I remember always loving that. Like I always loved when he shared his music and I’d be like, this goes hard. And he was like, I think he was my biggest inspiration in like sharing music and singing along with people, like stuff like that. So yes, a big yes. I don’t know if I could put like Leon signs. Yes. Yeah. It’s great. That’s awesome.