Usually I will just hear it because my friend knows a lot of music and he’ll play every time I’m driving around. So sometimes I play a new song, I’m like, I’ll just save that real quick.

I wouldn’t say frequently, honestly. Like, main context, I think of when I listen to other music is my roommate and my girlfriend. And usually I just let them play the music. It’s good. But I mean, sometimes I still like this music, but in high school I was big into metal like a lot. And so I would share that with people sometimes. And then my other friend here, she’s also like likes the same music. And so sometimes I would share that. But honestly, I don’t think I share my music that much.

I guess to just put onus on them to think of something we’ll both like. And honestly, I like both, I like most music. I think compared to most people, I think I like more music. And so it’s just like easier. I don’t have to be like picky and be like, all right, what is this person gonna like? I guess I do play my own when I’m, for example, I’m like in a passenger seat while someone else is driving. It doesn’t happen a lot though, honestly. I usually drive my friends around. But for example, if I fly to see my girlfriend, I’m in her car, I’ll cue music. And I just know what we like. So I put that on. She likes a lot of music, but I kind of focus on like 70s, kind of like, yeah, rock.

I mean, it’s more just like way past the time sometimes, like, if it’s just appropriate because like we’re driving or trying to do work at the same time or maybe just winding down for bed. I mean, it helps connect a little bit. It’s like, oh, I like this song, you know? I mean, I don’t really know how to explain it deeper than that, but.

I feel like I talk more about movies and shows I’ve watched with other people. I mean, I still talk about music. Like I’ll just, if I hear a good song, I’ll sometimes send it to my friends. Just, you know, on text, just use Spotify link. But I’d say I should probably share like, wow, this show is really good or this movie is really good.