So Being complete strangers, it feels a little bit more comfortable that they’re not really a face they’re just a character, an avatar. Yeah, and then let’s see, I think those were my main thoughts so far. Hopefully, I can add more in between, if that’s okay too.

Yes, okay, let’s see. I guess an example that I thought of that relates to that is whenever I have to run an event for this club that I’m like the president of, I have a specific playlist that I don’t personally like love all the music, but in my mind it’s like generally liked. And that’s because I’m, I guess, scared to be judged about the music that I liked, which is obviously an insane thing. But I think that plays into that lack of judgment and that lack of the fear of judgment when there are people who I’m closer with and I’m more comfortable just sharing it. And it also means a lot more to me that the people who are close to me enjoy the music that I listen to. And like the more general music that I play with people I’m less close with, I like don’t care as much if they don’t like it. I’m just like, oh, but I guess in a sense I’m hoping that they don’t mind it. Did I answer that question fully?

Yeah, that’s a good question. I think it’s just sort of, because that meaningful music to myself, I’m hoping that it brings them some meaning to, or at least it allows them to see why it means so much. Like, because then that kind of like approval from them that they also like it. no, wait. Them saying that they like it is basically like approval that, no, that I’m like valid for feeling like this, like music means a lot to me, if that makes sense. Which is like a whole, I feel like it’s a whole different, like internal feeling too, because like, obviously you don’t need someone to validate a taste in music, but I feel like for many music can mean like so much to them that having someone else like see that as well, let’s see, feel more like, I guess, proud with that music, I suppose. Or at least it just, it feels more, I don’t know, it’s like a nice thing to share with someone else as well. I feel like there’s a lot of good points to be made about why it’s nice to have music to share with someone else. But I think that approval is like the big one. And probably just like, Like that shared experience of existing with one another without having to fill it with each other’s like conversation, but something that means, I don’t know, sound is a very meaningful thing too. So yeah, if that makes sense.

Yes, yeah, definitely adding more of that like connectedness, which is nice. Oh, and then if I may add one more like unrelated thought that I wanted to mention earlier. I’m definitely the kind of person who skips music like within the 1st 10 seconds if I don’t like it and if I’m unfamiliar to it. So it’s so hard for me to like find new music because of that habit. So being forced to have to listen to music is both a little frustrating, but good at the same time. And I think that’s my main thought.

And I honestly don’t listen to recommendations too much. Or the other example I can think of is when someone else plays music and I’m like, okay, well, I have to sit through it. But then I’m like, okay, it’s good.

And then to the point where I like don’t generally share my music because I know that it feels so like niche, I guess, or it feels so specific to myself that it is nerve-wracking to share it to other people. Yeah