Otherwise, I listen to songs from my friends as well. Nice. They have Spotify playlists and everything. So yeah, if I feel like we have this similar taste, I would give it a try.

So usually what happens is there is this thing called Shazam on Spotify. So it’s like you can basically sync your playlist. So as the song goes by, so it’s like a couple of songs are from my playlist and the others are from my friend’s playlist. So like it’s like we listen to new music and if we are like, oh yeah, that’s a nice song. And that’s, and then I add it to my playlist. playlist, that kind of thing.

It’s most definitely my close friends. Okay. Yeah, just because we get, we hang out a lot of time together and then we get to know each other tastes. So I feel like. that’s more comfortable to me because if it’s someone new, I might not be very comfortable. Like, I wouldn’t know what kind of person we are. And then, our music tastes would vary A lot. So, yeah, I think it’s just between close friends.

Yeah, So we have the same similar taste because we all come from the same place back in India. Yeah. So like we most of the time we listen to the same generic songs. So that’s the kind of thing that we have. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I’m open to listening to new music suggested by other people. But then I feel like if I get to know the person well, then that would make the experience even more better than listening to the music experience.

Yeah, I just feel like there’s some kind of personal touch to it because I know the person and then I can analyze like, oh, why does he like this song and stuff like that. But if it’s someone new, I I don’t think I would analyze as much. I would just be like, okay, this is some song kind of thing. But again, if it’s like my friends, I would be like, oh yeah, this song. I mean, and also most of the times it’s like when we hang out and when we like play this music, it’s like, and then, you know, there are core memories that you keep creating. So when you hear that music back, it feels like, oh yeah, I had to touch this song with them and that feels nice. there is some kind of connection between us.

Personally, for me, music is like the most important thing because I just have my eight parts all the time. My family especially, they’re all lovers of music. I mean, obviously the Western music is way different than Indian music, but again, we love music. And then for me, it’s like I don’t want to be left alone with my thoughts. So I just plug every time. And then when you’re walking alone and everything, you know, it’s just like it’s nice to have music. I feel like it’s comforting and then, yeah. Sorry, what was the other thing? With friends, right?

I feel like most of my music tastes is influenced by my sister. Like I have an elder sister and our tastes are way too similar. So if she likes a song, I will like it and I’ll be obsessed with it for months until I start hating it. So, and even one of my… So, the dating differences is that we need to have similar kind of music, because music is like something that is very important to me. So, I would want the other person to have the same taste, or at least something a little bit important to him, so that we can vibe on that. I think that’s because I spend most of my time listening to music, so it’s like an integral part of my day-to-day life. So, yeah, that answers your question.