A pretty good amount. I have like a, I listen to a pretty good amount of music, I’d say. It’s kind of gone down recently. In high school, like I was like the kid to like have an airphone in like, or AirPod in always like, just always have music in the background. And then more recently, that’s like gone down a little bit, but I still listen to music A lot. But I think I share my music a lot with people like during car rides, or I have like a couple of friends who like, if a new, if an artist released a new song that I really like, maybe I’ll send it to them. But that’s just because I know they also really like music. Like I have, yeah. I go to a bunch of concerts too, so that’s like a thing that I really enjoy doing and sharing with other people.

It kind of depends. My like, I’m from Oregon originally, and so my best friend from Oregon, we have like, pretty different music tastes, but we always will have these like overlapping songs where we both really like them, or then like she’ll play a song and I’ll really like it, or I’ll play a song and she’ll really like it, and we’ll start listening to them on our own. We like to joke that we’re like the dream like road trip duo, because between the two of us, we always like we never run out of music to listen to. There’s just always like new stuff. And it’s never like too much of one thing. Like it’s never too much pop or too much like indie. Like we, I share, we share music A lot.

And then, but then like, I’d say like my closest friend in Boulder, like we have very similar music tastes. And like we like all the same artists. We’ve been to since August we went to three concerts together. So like that’s, yeah. And that’s always just fun because she’s like now my like go-to music buddy. Like when like someone announces a new tour and I’m like, wait, should we go to this? And she’s like, yeah, let’s go.

So we, she’s an education major too. So we met through that. And it, we didn’t have classes together to start with, but it was like a thing where like one of my education friends introduced me to her. And then we’d like hang out before classes. And she like mentioned that she was flying to like New Orleans to see the Eras Tour. And that was like, I saw the Eras Tour too, like that’s super fun. And then we kind of started talking about it. And then we followed each other on Instagram. And this was like at the very beginning of our friendship. And then I was like, oh, like she saw like Noah Khan in concert and went to this like special show he did that I really wanted to go to, but I wasn’t able to. And then we actually ended up finding out we were from the same hometown And we just didn’t know for like 2 months.

Which was like bad, but it was like, I went home for my dad’s birthday. And my friend who had introduced us was like, how was Portland, Lola? And I was like, Portland was great. And she went, you’re from Portland. I’m from Portland. And we were like, who are the chances? But then it was like, we’d each like, a new tour would get announced or a new concert would get announced and we’d be talking about it. And we kind of first bonded over our love of concerts in general. And then we realized that we liked all the same artists and stuff like that, if that makes sense.