I think it depends on the person that's sending me the music. Like I have a friend and she'll always send me songs that she thinks that I'll really like. And I have another friend that says like, “I really love this lyric.” And he'll send me that song because I think he really likes it. He wants to share it. But it depends. I think I probably tend to like the music that people are like, “you'll really like this” more.

Well, I'm busy recently. I'm like, “oh, I got to find the time to like really listen to this.” Yeah. But it makes me feel happy. I'm like, “oh, you're thinking about me” or “something about this song made you think about me,” which I like. And it'll remind me to send a song to them if I think about them. It's a good sharing experience.

To my friends and stuff. It's definitely like more where I have more people send me music than like the other way. Cause I think that my taste in music's a little like, a little weirder. So it's hard to find songs that like, “oh yeah, this is totally a normal thing to send you on a Wednesday.” I don't know. 

I think a lot of my taste in music comes from my mom and my dad. Like we have very similar taste in music. So it's really nice to go home and like, they have speakers in the house. And so I'll like play music while me and my mom are cooking. So it's definitely like, fill the silence and like also connect on something. Same thing with my dad. So it's really, it brings my family really close together. And like me and my brother, we're always going to like music events. He loves like house music events, things like that. And I'll always go to those with him. With my friends, I think it plays less of a role in my actual friendships. just because we're not listening to music too often together. And I don't go to as many concerts usually. I go to more concerts with my family members than I do with my friends. And then my boyfriend, I don't listen to much, like we don't have very much music in common. He doesn't care for the music I play and I don't care for the music he plays. So really important to my family, like less so on my friendships and relationship.