With you? It's generally other people sharing music with me. That's generally how I learn about it. My partner's really into music, and he tries to make music himself as well. So he's generally the one sharing them with me. And some of our other friends also. So yeah, people share music with me a lot.

It's generally things that they like and want to share with me. Yeah. Or like songs that make them think of me. Not necessarily from like a, oh, I think you'd like this as much as like, oh, like I think about you when it's playing type thing. Yeah. it's mainly things that they listen to and are like, oh, I want to share this.

I find, I don't know if this is important or not, but I find if they just send it to me, I'm less likely to listen to it. But like if we're in the car, a lot of the time when I listen to music, it's in the car. And my partner will play music. And so like, I'll listen to it then and try and pay attention if he's like actively playing it. But if he just sends it to me, I'm less likely to. I'm like, oh, I'm busy. Like, I'll do it later and then I forget. But if he just is like, oh, I want to share this with you and then he plays it. But yeah, then I pay attention.

Most of the time, pretty good. I'm like, oh, thank you for sharing this with me. Like, this is interesting. I do think I'm less into music than they are. And so, you know, I'm, But I'm less inclined to look for new things. And I think I sometimes I need to listen to things a few times before I feel interested in it a whole lot. So sometimes it's like, oh yeah, that sounds cool. Thanks for sharing. Like, can we play something that I know so I can sing along now or something like that? But if it's like new music that it's like, this artist that we like just came out with new music, have you heard the song yet? I'm like, oh no, and then they play it. So we're both kind of learning at the same time. Yeah. I think that's also kind of a thing is like, if it's a song that they really like and they're playing it for me for the first time, and then I'm kind of like, oh, am I reacting how they want me to? Like, if the song's really meaningful for them, I'm worried about if it's not for me, how to respond to like, oh, cool, thank you. Thank you for thinking of me, but I don't like this. But it's generally, at least now, it's generally more of just new music from artists that we both already like. So then it's just like kind of having fun exploring those as they come home.