I really liked them and I didn't really expect to like them because I'm just super picky. with my music. So I was kind of expecting to not really like it, but I really liked them and I really liked the personal ones of other people. Like it was very touching and I think it brought like, I don't know, like a sense of humanity, if that makes sense. 

I love the little quietness in the beginning of the song. So when that played for like the personal part for like two of the other people's songs, it like immediately got to me.

Yeah, I listen to my boyfriend. Like, he drives all the time because he hates her driving. So I listen to his songs all the time. It's like, it varies, I guess. I don't know. I mean, I'm definitely in a spot even when you go to the grocery store or the mall, there's like overhead songs. So I'm definitely in areas where I listen to different music all the time. Sure. I'm just still really picky. For sure. Yeah. 

I try to, but like a lot of people don't like my music. But I definitely try to. Like I really like to get into a space where like we can all listen to it collaboratively together. I really like that. 

It was interesting. I was like a little nervous because I was like, what if they actually hate it on the other side of the screen? And it was really interesting to see like where everybody else was from because I don't know. It's just weird to think about like somebody in Texas is listening to my favorite song right now. It's a cool like interconnectedness feeling. 

Yeah. Well, like I said earlier, the first thing I listen to is like the rhythm. If it has like a very soft and slow rhythm, then it's going to catch my attention and like pull me in. Then if the lyrics are more like personable, I guess, like how they specifically mean to me, like the situation of the artist and how it reflects to me is super important for me too. Like those are the songs more like when I can like lay down on my bed and close my eyes and just listen and Or like when I'm in the car with my boyfriend and I have a bad day, like I need those songs to just kind of like put me in the right mind space after. And that really, like the... lyrics really specifically help with that portion of it. 

I definitely share my tastes in like what I watch and what I readl more. Like I love giving out book recommendations. And in my collective friend group, we usually have like the same tastes. Like we actually formed a book club because we just happened to be like, oh, I like this book. I like it too. So we actually just happened to do it. Nice. I kind of wish that I could share my music the same way. Because I don't know, I just hate that not a lot of people like my type of music because then you do miss out on that emotional connectedness and shared experience of that. If that makes sense. 

Yeah. When I was like in elementary school, my mom always controlled the radio. And I liked some songs, but I also had a really inconsistent childhood in terms of who I lived with. And so I was around a lot of different types of music. from 3 to 12, I would be around like Radio Disney. So like the Kidz Bop stuff, which I hated even as a kid. to like my dad and my uncle listen to straight rap, like Tupac and Biggie. And then I would go with my grandparents and they're from Mexico. So they listen to like a lot of like the traditional Mexican music, which is a lot of like trumpet and like Mariachi stuff. So I was around like a lot of different things. And I guess when I, would say high school is where I really started to develop my own taste of music. I was really into musical theater in high school. And then as I got older, it became much more about like a rock element. I guess I just had like a lot of anger from my childhood and not that rock is very angry. I think it's actually the opposite. I think that people misconstrue it as something that's meant to be angry. I think it's meant to be something that like they take anger and make it peaceful. Like that's the whole purpose of it. I mean, when you think about like this element, like everybody's like rock'n'roll, but it means like peace and love and sign language. Yeah. Like, and people don't understand that. Sorry, that was a tangent about like unrelated things. But like, obviously it's hard to dance to like rock music, but it's for me, it was what I was going through at the time that formed my connection and being so inconsistent in childhood with everything that was going on, like music included, I just felt like I never got to form my own taste. So it's like once I did, I really branched out, which is also why I have such a wide range is because like from what I grew up listening to, definitely what I'm more into now. And sometimes like you need the nostalgia of your old music to help you get through whatever you're going through, if that makes sense. Yeah, that's definitely why it's so broad and listening to like classical because I did ballet. So, you know, then you have like the classical case and it's a whole thing. Yeah. 