 think like, especially if it's a song that's meaningful to you, it's like you have that personal meaning attached. So when you share it with other people, you're kind of extending that to them. I know if I share songs I like with my family or friends or whatever, and I know it's because it means a lot to me. Like my dad, for example, I showed my favorite movie and he fell asleep during it and he was like, it was the worst thing I've ever seen. And I was like, man, that's a bummer. So, it's kind of that feeling, I guess. 

 I will say that like I'm strategic with how I share music with other people. I mean, obviously depending on whether I think they'll like it or not, or if it aligns with what they usually like. But yeah. 

I mean, there's a lot of different ways. Whenever I'm in the car with my friends, like they'll play stuff or they'll start like a little jam thing on Spotify. We can listen and like put stuff on the queue or whatever. I collect records. So I'll play like that on the record players and my friend collects CDs. So it's kind of the opposite for him. I guess they're not opposites, but know what I mean. Like, so he'll just put something on and we'll listen to it, whatever. Like, I don't know. And I'll go to concerts with my friends and stuff. And sometimes I don't always know who the artist is. And it's just kind of like, we get to go and enjoy it. So. 

I think the lyrics is probably the biggest thing. Like if somebody, I was listening to a song that they liked, I was thinking about the lyrics like, oh, what about this might have resonated with them.

Yes, I mean, I definitely connect more with music where like there's kind of a shared experience with the artist in some way. If there's like a sense of relatability, I appreciate that. And it's like, I mean, I guess just as an example, like 21 Pilots is a band that I really like. And I'll watch a lot of interviews like with them as well. And specifically, there's like the mental health aspect to their music or whatever that I find relatable. And so when I listen to it, I'm like, okay, that's other people have experienced this negative experience that I have. And then it kind of, I don't know, it adds that layer of resonance to the music for me when I'm like, there's a shared experience there. 

