So people who know my taste or know what I like, they would sometimes send me songs that they listen to and think that I might like it. So they do send songs like that. It makes me feel warm, that made them think of me, how nice, something like that. But I think, I mean, even if I don't particularly love the music, it just makes me feel good that someone else is sending me their favorite songs or something that they like to, you know. stay connected or something like that. 

So yeah, usually when I'm making someone listen to music, so it's like, especially here as an international student, since my mother tongue is different, so I often would suggest music from my mother tongue or my country to people who haven't heard it. So that has been fun. I mean, mostly in cars or when I'm in a group situation and people are playing music from their parts of the world. So I have a friend who is South Indian, but I'm East Indian. And we have different languages, different music. So he makes me listen to his music. I make him listen to my music. So yeah, that goes on a lot. So I think it depends on what kind of music I am making them listen to. So if it's like really soft and smooth, they would like it. If it's like a jumpy one, they would probably dance to it. So yeah. And sometimes maybe they don't like some songs as much.

I feel that it really makes you connected to the other person and you get to understand them more or what kind of music, from what kind of music they like the most, right? And It just feels like my mom sometimes sends me songs that she sings. Maybe I haven't heard them, so she just sings and sends the voice notes to me. So yeah, it just makes me feel connected, like I'm there. And as for my friends sharing music. So, for example, the one I was talking about, the South Indian guy, so he, I don't know his language, or so sometimes he just takes his time to actually make me understand the lyrics as well. So, I feel like I'm more connected to my friends that way, when you get to learn more about the music that they listen to.