But I did like the songs from the other participants, like the very varying genres. The first one I heard was exactly the genres that I listened to, but the last one I heard was very much not. It was more like Wrap in production and whatnot, but it had a bunch of orchestral elements in it, which was really cool. 

Yeah, I would. Describe almost all my interactions as passive with exception to I was just hanging out with this one guy last week and we were meeting up like kind of to share interest in music and stuff. Like we were exchanging movies and then sharing music. So that was like the activity. 

I don't really like it as much as passive sharing because passive feels a lot more like discovery and then you don't have anything on the line where it's like if you're sharing something with somebody specifically or they're sharing something with you specifically, you either have to like deal with the social consequences of like, do I make myself appear like I'm actually enjoying it? Because like a lot of the times when I'm listening to music, I kind of just like and nothing else. And that's not enough for some people. They think I don't enjoy it. So if it's like that, I just prefer to passively update it. 

For that one, yeah, definitely the lyrics. But it's interesting because at last it's not the lyrics at all. Like, I don't, they don't resonate with me whatsoever because it's about love and I'm like Aries, so I don't really, don't really vibe with that much. But yeah, for that one, it's definitely, the lyrics because the music itself is actually... not very involved. And that's what I usually look for is a lot of like background melody lines happening. And it's actually kind of overwhelming sometimes because there's a harmonica part that's just like slightly too loud in my opinion. So it's not like what I listen to and repeat a lot. 

Probably, I don't talk about lyrics too much with people because it takes me a long time to learn lyrics because I don't really like looking at the lyrics to learn them. So like, It'll take me like 100 times sometimes just to learn all of them. But musicality, definitely. My, so I have a twin brother and we listen to like the same music, same interest and everything. So whenever we find a song that's just like the brain itch type thing, like we will just always kind of send it to each other or I'll just play it passively for him so like he can pick it up if he wants it. So yeah, we always like point out cool parts in songs. are just really nice. There's one that I want to share with him that I vaguely have, but I want to like point out the guitar part to him more because I'm trying to transcribe it and there's a bunch of hammer-ons on it. So I need to learn. But then like if I point it out to him, I'll listen to them more and then we can transcribe it together. Hopefully. 

