I don't really care about what other people are thinking about during in that room just because it's my favorite and I enjoy it. And then along with the other people, or I guess I'll just stick with that for now, but with the other people in the room with their favorite song, I feel like I was more prone to like wanting to enjoy it for their purposes because it's someone else's favorite song in the room.

Yeah, I feel like if I was by myself but it was my own song, I was just kind of vibing out by myself. Not much thought into it. Like I didn't really think anything of it. And then there's other people in the room. I would say I was kind of doing the same thing. Like I wanted other people to enjoy it, but also like it's my favorite song. So I'm just listening to it for my own good, I guess. 

I feel like I do. There's a couple people, like my close friends and roommates, and I enjoy doing it too. But it's also just like I just love my music and listening to it myself. So I feel like I do enjoy sharing music and listening to it with other people, but I also just love music on my own. And it's like, I also kind of find it to be like a passive, like personal activity for myself to listen to my own music. 

I think especially with my dad, he's a big music guy. I think his nickname, we call him like the Human Shajam. Or do you remember that app where you can like use the little plus, now you can just use like Siri or whatever. But he like actually knows every single song, every single year, every single artist, like when the song has come out. He's just very well versed in that. So I feel like I get a lot of like my music appreciation from him. And that is something that we talk about a lot whenever we're together, just like finding out new music or talking about the news with artists and what they're doing and new music they're putting out. So I feel like that definitely. plays a big role in our relationship. And then I feel like with friends, it just kind of unites us and we have a fun time together and music is playing and that's just a good time we have when we do that. 