I think it's because I started with my songs. I was a little like worried. I was like maybe I went too crazy with like the party like fun songs. I feel like a little pushing it. But then I felt better towards the end because some people had rap and there was a song about baby mamas and I was like, everyone's being real. So that's really all I thought I had. 

Some, like I think like a lot of like the personal songs, like not the like fun ones, are just different. Like they're not for me. I just don't think like I relate to it. One of the songs, I only see like, remember when it was like moonlight themed? It was like by a guy. 

I think it's a bit of both. I think genre is a big one for me. Like, I don't really know what kind of genre that music is, but I just know I don't like that type of music. I usually like kind of lean towards like R&B or like a bit more, maybe rap sometimes. So there was like one song someone else was like, the song was like a rap song. That one was like pretty cool. I liked it. But I don't think I count like songs like that as my favorite because I don't emotionally relate to them. I'm like, I feel like a lot of them are like from the perspective of a man to begin with. And it's like a lot about like making relationships to women and like having baby moms. I'm like, I can't really relate to it, but the lyrics are pretty like smart and witty. So that's like why I like them. But I think a lot of the more, I don't think it's country. I think it's like pop or something. I don't know what it is, the genre, but I just don't think it's just not for me. 

And also the lyrics. I was like, it was just like, I don't know. I just, I didn't feel it. 

Sometimes I feel like I kind of, I have two extremes. Like sometimes I really, really care about the lyrics. I like to relate to them, like to feel them. But I think with my more R&B and fun music, I like when it's funny, like it's like, I will listen to a lot of songs like sometimes like Drake, like he'll have a line about just something like so bizarre and ridiculous. But it's like, how did you come up with that? That's so witty. I love it. 


I do share music frequently. I do like to, I'm a bit obnoxious about it where it's like, I will play a song and be like, did you guys hear that line? Isn't it so funny? Like pause, no, you guys need to listen. Because I think I spend a lot of time just trying to understand like what he referenced like in the song. So if it's like celebrity beef or something, I'll do my research or ask or figure it out. So then I feel so excited to inform the people around me. And if it's like a silly dancing song, like something, I will just share it with my like one of my best friends. So because we have like a similar taste. And if I think it's like a more like laid back song I always share with my cousin. Like, she's overseas, so it's like, I'll just send her the line I think is cool. And she'll send one back. Yeah. I do definitely share music A lot. 

Honestly, it depends. It's been some hits and misses. I think I'm trying to do better with like understanding people's like background. Like I played, I did that with a couple of my friends, but they're a little more into like pop. So like when I played the rap thing, it was, it was a miss, definitely. But I was like, they were trying to be nice about it, but I could sense it was like not for them. it was like, I felt like a woman hater. I just thought it was funny, but I was like, I said, it's so crazy he said that, but I was like, guys, I swear, like, it's just a song. I'm kidding. I'm sorry. But so I'm like, no, you're like, I guess, like, audience. I'm trying to do better with that. But I'm a bit shameless. So like, if I like it, I think it's worth sharing. 

I think it's a lot of times made it like more special. Because I feel like with a lot of my friends, we have a song, you know, and it's like, whenever, like, whenever me and a sort of friends drive, like, we have to play one of the songs because we know it line by line. We're just all dramatic, singing it or dancing. So I think it's like sweet. I feel like most people in my life, we have a song that's like, either it's like goes to ways, either like our emotional and things are bad like song, or if it's like when we're turned, like it's like we're about to have a good day or we're trying to like do something fun. So it's like, we're setting the mood right. So I think it's, I think it definitely made my connection with people closer. Oddly enough, some songs are crazy, but it still works. So that's really it. 



