I don't know. I thought it was fun. It was fun when like there was other people in the room and it said that it was someone else's favorite song and then I could kind of like I was kind of like guessing like where they were maybe, or when it was my favorite song and being like, do they think it's like me? I don't know. 

Yeah. Especially when it was like my own, I guess. I was like, if I was in the room alone listening to my, one of the songs that I put, then I was like, no one gets to hear this too, selfishly. I was like, listen to my music. But it was definitely more enjoyable when it was like, when I could see other people were listening as well. 

We're always like sharing stuff on Spotify and, so it's pretty common for me. 

Yeah. Usually like sending, like for like my like best friend and my roommate, like we'll send each other like single songs, you know, and like that's kind of just how we do it. My boyfriend and I will like do playlists. all of a sudden like artists to my family and I'm like, this reminds me of like this other artist that like I remember listening to like growing up, So it kind of depends on the people, but definitely sharing with mostly everyone that I'm close to. 

And then like the other participants, a couple of them I liked, and some of them I didn't, I wouldn't like gravitate towards. But like I could recognize like artists in some of them, which was cool, but I didn't recognize like, I don't think any of the songs I, other than my own were ones that I like actually recognized.

I kind of both, it depends on like how I like it. Like the first time I listen to it, I guess, I'll like, I'll either like immediately add it to like my like songs or I won't do that. And then sometimes like on the second or third listen, or like if I hear it like in the car versus like sitting at home, then sometimes that'll make me add it to my like songs. Whereas like I've heard it before, but I didn't add it then, And usually after like adding it to my like songs, then I'll go back and listen to it later. Just because that's kind of a like, when I open Spotify, sometimes I just go to my like songs and play whatever's like at the top that I've liked the most recently.

I would say it's like, pretty similar, I kind of branched out more than what my parents would listen to, but I still go to concerts with my parents, and my parents like the music that me and my sister listen to now even, there's new artists who are coming out with albums right now, and they're coming to those concerts with us too, which is super exciting. I think a big part of it was that I've I always had this like realization too that like my parents didn't make like me and my sister listen to like old music when we were little. Like I didn't like music from like the 70s and 80s, we weren't super familiar with. Yeah. Like they were listening to like the current artists, I guess like in the 2010s, you know. People who were coming out with music like in that like alternative rock, like I guess indie. and blues genres was like what I grew up listening to as opposed to 70s like classic rock, So I think that kind of helps it also that like we have similar music tastes and yeah.

