I feel like because with the participants songs I was trying to figure out like how the song would connect to them and kind of like I guess understand it on a more personal level and a human level.

I think it was just like, when I was by myself, it was more like, so broad, I guess, of who it could be or where they could be coming from. And when I was in a room with someone else and I could like visually see on the map that there were other people there and it had to be like one of their favorites, I was more interested in figuring out like whose it was, if that makes sense. 

Yeah, so my brother's actually, he's a musician and also an audio producer, so he... Oh, nice. always is like listening to new songs and giving me new music suggestions. We have like a shared playlist on Spotify. And so we always like add songs to it to be like, oh, you should go listen to this song. It's really good. And I feel like pretty much nine times out of 10, I'm like, oh, that's such a good song. But I feel like music is like very prominent also just in my family. Because my mom was a musician and her mom and aunt like were singers and her dad played the accordion and everything. So it's a very like, we're just a very musically like based family. But yeah, I feel like that's like super important to me for just connecting with people and like building relationships. Because even with my friends, like finding songs that are like, oh, like we like getting to this song when we get ready, like for dance competitions and stuff. 

I would probably say like, it's just nice to know that someone think, so I don't know how to put this into words. It's like comforting to know that when someone listened to a song, they thought, oh, I think that Gianna would like this song, or I think that this person would like this song. So I think just like the principle of being like, oh, I found this song that I think you might like is just like something that I feel like kind of, I don't know, it just makes me feel like warm and fuzzy inside. Like it's just a nice feeling. 

Yeah. I mean, my music taste is kind of all over the place. So I would say for the most part, yes. Like my dad's super into like 80s and 90s music and I always, I love that stuff. But also my brother is into very like, indie, kind of like, I can't think of the word right now, but very like, groovy, like vibey music, if that makes sense. But he and I have very similar music tastes, but also because he's a musician, he listens to a lot of different kinds of music. Like he's in a bunch of different bands, so like, that are very different. Like one's like a country rock band and then one's a Latin jazz band and so it's just kind of all over the place. And I think that kind of also influences what I listen to because he's always listening to and playing different kinds, like genres of music. 