Although I felt like it was like a lot of, I think when I was listening to other people, it was a lot of like other people's music. So I don't know how much I fully connected them, but it was interesting to see what people were interested in or like learn about their taste, if that makes sense. 

Yeah, I think the people I'm closer with tend to also have the really similar like interests in general, which may lend towards similar music interest tastes. But I mean, there's like, yeah, I think it tends to be towards people I'm like extremely like connected with rather than like people I'm like, friends with, but not quite as like I could talk to them and feel comfortable in any circumstance ever.

I think maybe down to just like music feeling personal and like being like I don't know. Maybe I have a niche music taste. Maybe I don't know if I quite do in the grand sense of everything, but it feels kind of niche. And it's like a, what if, I don't know. Like, I just feel less embarrassed if it was like someone I was just closer to or like, where I just have a relationship where like, I don't feel like, not necessarily judgment, but like, where it would just be like, if something, if I made fun of it with someone else, then I wouldn't care in a way. 

iked them. A lot of them were also like pretty upbeat. So that's kind of like what I prefer to listen to too. I don't like, there's the whole connection bit where you don't quite feel connected because I feel like connections spawn from like maybe how you find the music. So I don't think I felt connected to their songs, but I did generally enjoy them. I don't think I was like top of the like bar for everything, but I did just like generally enjoy them. I'm glad that like people have their favorite songs and it's kind of like why does this happen to be their favorite song? It's just kind of like an underlying question when it comes down to that. Or why does the song they particularly like dance to or whatever it may be? 

There were some I definitely automatically like knew belonged to maybe one list or another. Where it's like, just like a song, like one of them that I just like tend to listen to a lot, especially more like less for the sound of it nowadays, more just like for the nostalgia or like the, I guess the meaning behind it. And that's, I just like automatically knew I was going to put that in favorites. There are some where I couldn't necessarily know if I put it in favorites or the dance one, but I was like, I just like, maybe for some reason it's just slightly tip towards one another. Maybe I slightly didn't care about the sound as much, but I'm mainly listening for it for like just the meaning. So maybe I'll put it in like favorites. Yeah. And then I scroll through like, cause I don't have playlists necessarily, but I just use like the big like song. I mean, it's a playlist, but like just the liking the songs. 

I think a lot of it just comes, I mean like music wise, it would have just been down to like maybe something just scratched my brain. Like I can't necessarily explain that part, but A lot of it does just favorite wise just comes down to like lyrics, whether it be like just lyrics when I was being like angsty at some point of time and I just connected to them and it like just flew from there. Like, of course, like it can't just be lyrics because I did have to just really like listening to the song at some point. But the reason it's still like kind of like a favorite is just because either like, I guess the angst of it all or like Maybe it connects back to like, I guess, because I think I put one of them that was in Bulgarian because my parents are from Bulgaria. 