Yeah, it was. I guess it was exciting. And then the ones where it was just me and then I'd get someone else's song or the algorithm. When I would get someone else's song, it was like “ohh I kind of wonder who this person is...” I guess I thought about area and stuff. Honestly, for some of the songs that other people picked, it just wasn't my style and I was like, “oh, I wonder why this is their favorite.” And I guess it just gets you thinking about different things that people like, especially music. Maybe it's a sound that they're really into, or a style, or maybe it's the artist. Yeah, but I don't know. It's weird. 

It's very dependent on the person. I have a friend who has very different music tastes and I'll show him something. I'm like, “Yo, this is so sick. I love this!” And then he'll be like, “it kind of sucks.” I'm like, “OK, well, now I don't want to show you anything more...” So I mean, yeah, I guess that kind of makes an impact on who you want to show music to. Like other people, I’m showing maybe something from Dominic Fike and then they're like, “Oh yeah, that's sick.” Or like what I was saying about guitar and different vocals, I have friends who produce music and then I'm like, “this part's really cool. Like I wonder how they did this.” And then usually they're like, “Oh yeah, that is super sick.” So yeah, definitely depends on the person. My girlfriend does not like a lot of the songs that I like because of their voices. I listen to a lot of like, hyper pop and like very... not intense stuff, but maybe not calm... And so I’ll show her a song and she’ll be like, “can we skip this?” I'm like, OK, yeah, that's fine. 

Yeah... I don't know... He has a really cool style and it's very personable. But at the same time, some of the lyrics you're like, “I don't really get that.” But if you read into it, it kind of makes sense. Also, the singing. I've always been someone who loves to sing and I've been in choir for a long time. He does a lot of things that are just really fun to sing when you're in a car and you play it. You just want to sing it out loud. And there's also a lot of dynamics. Like it’s soft, just like songs that you can sway and just close your eyes to. And then there are songs that are very jumpy and fun. But yeah, this I feel like this one really kind of creates a picture. I can just close my eyes and it's kind of like I'm somewhere else in a way.

The one song “Ultimately” by Kai Dreams was one of them I added. And that one has a lot of lyrics about letting a person down. That one was definitely one I would listen to every time I kind of felt that way. So I think there's, yeah, an emotional connection. Like you listen to a song during a time, or that reminds you of something, and then it kind of gets latched. And then when you listen to that, you're like, “oh, shoot, yeah. I kind of feel that.”  