I don't know. I guess because like, I enjoy it. And like, I hope that they have like the same experience. Especially with like the songs, whatever it's like, that I choose like to dance to, like they're not the most popular songs. So like, I'm like, oh, I hope they like it in the same capacity. 

But yeah, usually only people that I'm really close friends to, I'll like share my music with. if anyone offers me like, the aux cable in the car, I'm like, don't give it to me. I don't want it. 

To be honest, for the most part, pretty good. I mean, I feel like just with different groups sometimes, with different people, sometimes not so positive, but it's also not necessarily negative. It's just like a general like, oh yeah, that one's good. And then that's it. But even like just a simple like, oh yeah, I liked it. But like saying it like that sometimes as well can make me be like, did you really like it? Or are you just saying that because you're my friend? So really like I only trust them when like they start listening to it themselves, which is kind of crazy. But that's when I'm like, yes, you did actually really like it. Because you're listening to it now. 

It makes me feel good, but also just like, yes. Like that. If there's any other way to describe it, just like, yes. Yeah. But I just like it when, you know, other people enjoy like the stuff that I share with them, because it is just very much like you're sharing it with them. And even though it's like not something that I like made or anything like that, means something to me, I guess. So. 

I would say so, especially with the other people's music. Like think in one of the rooms, I was with other people, I was trying to figure out who was. And then with the other one, the other person wasn't in there, I don't think. I don't quite remember, but Either way, I definitely, I don't know if like this makes sense, but I almost like gave it more attention because I felt like, it's like respectful to actually like listen to it before I pass judgment to it. But with they, I was like, I was like, who cares? I definitely still try to listen to it, but definitely not as hard. 

Usually I listen to the same thing over and over again until like one of my music platforms is like, hey, do you want to listen to something else? And then I'll try it and sometimes I love it, sometimes I hate it. And then usually I'll have artists that I continually go back to. So if they release something new, I'll go back to that and see what new stuff they have and if I like it, that kind of thing. And then occasionally I'll listen to something else that somebody has and then like I'll take that, but that's honestly pretty rare unless it's like my sister. Like if she suggests a song, like she's the most likely person that I'll be like, oh, I like that song too. And then I'll add that to my list of songs that I listen to over and over. 