I feel like a lot of time if you listen to music with other people that you're friends with, it's like you play songs the other person is gonna like. It's like with really close friends that you listen to, like, you know, it's their favorite song. Yeah, I think it's not fake, obviously, when you're listening to other people like with music that's not their totally favorite songs. But music is such a large part of who people are and what music they like says a lot about like the things that they've gone through and like their personal experience with the world. And some music that they like or their favorite song is really like you're connecting with the person on a deeper level. And a lot of people like don't want to share their favorite songs with people, especially if you don't know them really well, just because it is that kind of insecurity. Like you don't want them to hate the song because if they don't like the song, then it feels like they don't like you. I mean, not everyone like really loves music, but a lot of people do. And the music that people like, it just like, it says a lot about like who they are as a person, especially if they like the lyrics of a song versus like the beat of a song. If you connect them with like what the artist is saying, then that means that they feel the same about their life. And that articulates to you that they feel something they may not be able to express with their own words. I'm a person who's very bad with words, especially when it comes to feelings and stuff. So a lot of music that has really powerful lyrics, I'm like, that feels like what I'm feeling. And hearing someone else's song that's like, this is how they're feeling or how they feel a lot or something they really resonate with, it's like you're touching with them.  if I'm with some people that I just met, I probably wouldn't play like my all-time favorite, like powerful songs to me, just because it doesn't fit the vibe all the time. And just like, you want to pick something you think the other person would like and maybe sing to, and it's more fun, I think. I do band and stuff like that. So I feel like that's a very like big community thing. I'm a big like community family oriented person. So I love that kind of like play music with other people and make a piece together. But like, yeah, also like you'd have a bonfire with your friends and you make a playlist together and you kind of like play that while you're hanging out. There's that aspect of it too. 